## 咖啡廳在哪？( Where’s the cafe? )

A [Where’s the cafe?]
B [It’s next to] the post office.
[It’s opposite] the post office.
[It’s between] the post office and the bank.

## ~在哪？( Where’s the ~ ? )

Where’s the [cafe]?
Where’s the [bank]?
Where’s the [post office]?
Where’s the [pharmacy]?

## 它在～隔壁 ( It’s next to the ~ )

It’s next to the post office.
It’s next to the bank.
It’s next to the pharmacy.
It’s next to the [hospital].

## 它在～對面 ( It’s opposite the ~ )

It’s opposite the post office.
It’s opposite the bank.
It’s opposite the pharmacy.
It’s opposite the hospital.

## 它在～和 ～ 之間 ( It’s between the ~ and the ~ )

It’s between the post office and the bank.
It’s between the [church] and the pharmacy.
It’s between the [restaurant] and the [bakery].
It’s between the [shoe store] and the [cinema].

## 這附近有咖啡廳嗎？( Is there a cafe around here? )

A Is there a cafe around here?
B Yes, there’s a cafe beside the library.
A No, there isn’t a cafes around here.

## 這附近有~嗎？( Is there a ~ around here? )

Is there a cafe around here?
Is there a bank around here?
Is there a post office around here?
Is there a [bookstore] around here?

## 有，這附近有~ 在～旁邊 ( Yes, there’s a ~ beside the ~ )

Yes, there’s a cafe beside the bank.
Yes, there’s a bank beside the restaurant.
Yes, there’s a post office beside the [hairdressers].
Yes, there’s a [bookstore] beside the [supermarket].

## 不，這附近沒有~ ( No, there isn’t a ~ around here. )

No, there isn’t a cafe around here.
No, there isn’t a bank around here.
No, there isn’t a post office around here.
No, there isn’t a bookstore around here.

## 補充

Is there a cafe around here? = Are there any cafes around here?
