## 你喜歡日本食物嗎？

A Do you like Japanese food?
B Yes, I really like Japanese food. How about you?
A No, I don’t like Japanese food.

## 你喜歡～食物嗎？( Do you like ~ food?)

Do you like [Japanese] food?
Do you like [French] food?
Do you like [Thai] food?
Do you like [Chinese] food?

## 嗯，我真的很喜歡～食物？( Yes, I really like ~ food.)

Yes, I really like Japanese food.
Yes, I really like French food.
Yes, I really like Thai food.
Yes, I really like Chinese food.

## 不，我不喜歡～食物？( No, I don’t like ~ food.)

No, I don’t like] Japanese food.
• No, [I really don’t like] Japanese food. = I don’t like Japanese food very much.
• No, [I don’t really like] Japanese food. = I don’t like Japanese food a little bit.

## 你喜歡聽音樂嗎？ ( Do you like listening to music? )

A Do you like listening to music?
B Yes, I like listening to music. How about you?
A I kind of like listening to music.

## 你喜歡~嗎？ ( Do you like ? )

Do you like [listening to music]?
Do you like [watching movies]?
Do you like [reading books]?
Do you like [playing tennis]?

## 嗯，我喜歡~ ( Yes, I like ~ )

Yes, I like listening to music.
Yes, I like watching movies.
Yes, I like reading books.
Yes, I like playing tennis.

## 我有點喜歡~ ( I kind of like ~ )

I kind of like listening to music.
I kind of like watching movies.
I kind of like reading books.
I kind of like playing tennis.

## 你喜歡什麼音樂? ( What kind of music do you like? )

A What kind of music do you like?
B I like R&B the best. How about you?
A I’m into rap.

## 你喜歡什麼~? ( What kind of ~ do you like? )

What kind of [music] do you like?
What kind of [food] do you like?
What kind of [movie] do you like?
What kind of [book] do you like?

## 我最喜歡~. ( I like ~ the best. )

I like [R&B] the best.
I like [pop music] the best.
I like [rock music] the best.
I like [jazz] the best.

## 我最喜歡~. ( I’m into ~ )

I’m into [rap].
I’m into rock music.
I’m into [dance music].
I’m into [country music].

## 你最喜歡的歌是什麼? ( What’s your favourite song? )

A What’s your favourite song?
B My favourite song is Shape of You. What’s yours?
A My favourite is Hello by Adele.

## 你最喜歡的~是什麼? ( What’s your favourite ~? )

What’s your favourite [song]?
What’s your favourite [movie]?
What’s your favourite [book]?
[Who’s] your favourite [singer]?

## 我最喜歡的歌是～ ( My favourite song is ~ )

My favourite song is Shape of You.
My favourite song is Payphone.
My favourite song is Hey Jude.
My favourite song is Wonderwall.
