## 現在幾點？ (What time is it?)

A What time is it?
B It’s 1 o’clock.
It’s 20 past 10.
It’s 20 to 11.

## 現在~點.(It’s ~ o’clock.)

It’s one o’clock.
It’s two o’clock.
It’s six o’clock.
It’s 20 past 10.
It’s 5 past 9.
It’s quarter past 11.
It’s 12 past 3.
It’s 20 to 11.
It’s quarter to 1.
It’s 10 to 5.
It’s 8 to 12.
It’s half past 10.

## 現在幾點？ (各種問法)

• What time is it?
• What’s the time?
• Do you know the time?
• Do you have the time?

## 你幾點起床？ (What time do you wake up?)

A What time do you wake up?
B I usually wake up at 7. What about you?
A I usually wake up by 8.

## 我通常～點起床 (I usually wake up at ~)

I usually wake up at 7.
I usually wake up at half past 8.
I usually wake up at quarter to 7.
I usually wake up at ten past 8.

## 我通常～點前起床 (I usually wake up by ~)

I usually wake up by 8.
I usually wake up by half past 8.
I usually wake up by 7.
I usually wake up by quarter to 7.

## 你早餐吃什麼？ (What do you have for breakfast?)

A What do you have for breakfast?
B I normally have some coffee. What about you?
A I usually skip breakfast.

## 你～吃什麼？ (What do you have for?)

What do you have for [breakfast]?
What do you have for [lunch]?
What do you have for [dinner]?

## 我通常吃～ (I normally have some ~)

I normally have some [coffee].
I normally have some [toast].
I normally have some [cereal].
I normally have some [fruit].

## 我通常不吃～ (I usually skip ~)

I usually skip breakfast.
I usually skip lunch.
I usually skip dinner.
I usually [skip class].

## 你怎麼去公司？ (How do you get to work?)

A How do you get to work?
B I always take the subway. How about you?
A I often drive to work.

## 你怎麼去~？ (How do you get to ~?)

How do you get to [work]?
How do you get to [the office]?
How do you get to [school]?

## 我總是搭～去 (I always take ~?)

I always take [the subway].
I always take [the bus].
I always take [the train].
I always take [a taxi].

## 我經常～去公司 (I often ~ to work.)

I often [drive] to work.
I often [cycle] to work.
I often [walk] to work.

## 你什麼時候下班？ (When do you get off work?)

A When do you get off work?
B I usually get off at 6. How about you?
A I don’t get off until 7.

## 我通常～點下班 (I usually get off at ~)

I usually get off at 6.
I usually get off at 7.
I usually get off at half past 5.
I usually get off at quarter to 8.

## 我通常～點後下班 (I don’t get off until ~)

I don’t get off until 7.
I don’t get off until 9.
I don’t get off until half past 6.
I don’t get off until quarter past 5.

## 你幾點上床？ (What time do you go to bed?)

A What time do you go to bed?
B I usually go to bed around 9. How about you?
A I try to go to bed before midnight.

## 我通常～點左右上床 (I usually go to bed around ~)

I usually go to bed around 9.
I usually go to bed around midnight.
I usually go to bed around 10.
I usually go to bed late.

## 我試著～點前上床 (I try to go to bed before ~)

I try to go to bed before midnight.
I try to go to bed before ten.
I try to go to bed before half past nine.
I try to go to bed before 1AM.
