## John 長的如何 (What does John look like?)

A What does John look like?
B He’s got a round face and small, brown eyes. His nose is quite long, and his mouth is really big.

## ~ 長的如何 (What does ~ look like?)

What does [John] look like?
What does [your brother] look like?
What does [your car] look like?
What does [your house] look like?

## 他長的～ (He’s got a ~)

He’s got [a round face and small, brown eyes].
She’s got [a small, oval face and big, blue eyes].
He’s got [a square-shaped face and small, black eyes].
She’s got [a long face and round, green eyes].
SIZE → SHAPE → COLOUR

## Sarah 的頭髮如何 (What’s Sarah’s hair like?)

A What’s Sarah’s hair like?
B Sarah has long, straight, blonde hair. What about Tom’s?
A Tom’s hair is short and spiky.

## Sarah 的頭髮~ (Sarah has ~ hair) (Sara’s hair is ~)

Sarah has [long, straight, blonde] hair.
Jenny has [short, curly, black] hair.
Amy has [long, wavy] hair.
Lisa has [medium, curly] hair.
Tom’s hair is [short and spiky].
John’s hair is [short, curly and brown].
Ray’s hair is [medium and red].
Mark’s hair is [thick and spiky].
LENGTH → QUALITY → STYLE → COLOUR

## 他有～的臉，和～的眼睛 (He’s got a ~ face and ~ eyes.)

He’s got [a round face and small, brown eyes].
She’s got [a small, oval face and big, blue eyes].
He’s got [a square-shaped face and small, black eyes].
She’s got [a long face and round, green eyes].

## 他的鼻子很～，而他的嘴很～ (His nose is ~, and his mouth is ~)

His nose is [quite long], and his mouth is really big.
His nose is [quite small], and his mouth is really small.
His nose is [straight], and his mouth is really big.
His nose is [hooked], and his mouth is really small.

## Daniel 長的如何 (What does Daniel look like?)

A What does Daniel look like?
B Daniel’s quite short, but very stocky. What about Sam?
A Sam’s slim, but he’s tall for his age.

## Daniel 很～，但～ (Daniel’s quite ~, but very ~) (身高，身材）

Daniel’s quite [short], but very [stocky].
Daniel‘s quite short, but very [fat].
Daniel‘s quite short, but very [plump].
Daniel‘s [medium-height], but very [well-built].

## Sam 很～，但以他的年齡而言，他很～ (Sam’s ~, but he’s ~ for his age)

Sam’s [slim], but he’s [tall] for his age.
Sam’s [skinny], but he’s tall for his age.
Sam’s [thin], but he’s short for his age.
Lisa’s [slender], but she’s tall for her age.
[skinny → thin → slender → slim → well-built → stocky → plump → fat]

## Daniel 比 John 高 (Daniel is taller than John)

A What does Daniel look like?
B Daniel is taller than John.
A Really?
B Yes, and he looks more mature than before.

## Daniel 比 John ~ (Daniel is ~ than John)

Daniel is [taller] than John.
Daniel is [slimmer] than John.
John is [shorter] than Daniel.
John is [bigger] than Daniel.

## 他看起來比之前～ (He looks more ~ than before)

He looks more [mature] than before.
He looks more [stylish] than before.
She looks more [beautiful] than before.
He looks more [handsome] than before.

## 比較級

For adjectives with 1 syllable, add [~er]
tall→taller, slim→slimmer, short→shorter, big→bigger
For adjectives with 2 or more syllables, add [more] in front of the adjective
mature → more mature
stylish → more stylish
beautiful → more beautiful
handsome→more handsome
